
Inspirations & Mood Board

https://upkey.com/about

https://animal-crossing.com/

https://bonbonbon.com/


I drew inspirations from three websites. Most importantly, I was highly inspired by the official Animal Crossing website itself. 
The website provided me with various sources of inspiration regarding layouts and color palettes. Additionally, it sparked my imagination and prompted me to think about how a separate page dedicated to the nook shop might look like. I also drew many inspirations from the background photos and patterns as I decided to incorporate patterns and images related to animal crossing into my website. Upkey website also provided me with many layout inspirations, especially the zigzag layout. Although I am not completely sure on which content I am going to put on About Us page, I want to utilize this zig zag layout to create a more playful website. Lastly, I was inspired by the web shop Bon Bon Bon and its layout of their products. Although my website is not a web shop which actually sells products directly to consumers, I still want the “Today’s Special Items” section to be displayed as a shop. I was highly inspired by Bon Bon Bon’s products layout and its positioning of the items.

I created a Pinterest mood board for my website. I collected many forest-themed, pastel-colored illustrations that are related to Animal Crossing such as Timmy and Tommy (the staffs of the Nook Shop in the game) and also animal crossing leaf pattern backgrounds. I will definitely be using these patterned illustrations to fill up a section in my website. The name of my island is Laputa, which is the castle in the sky, so I looked up many illustrations of “Laputa” to draw inspirations from. 



Concepts & skills that I will use

1. Semantic HTML has been extremely helpful in terms of understanding the layout of a website. I will definitely use this method to build my website using <header> and <nav> to build my nav bar as demonstrated in class. 
2. I will also be using a lot of <Div>  tags to build many of the sections on the website.  I will be using a div to act as a container of elements such as text, image, etc. 
3. I will be using flexbox to create my nav bar and align the elements and also float to position elements. I will be using float: left and float: right to position the images and align text beside the images.
4. I will also definitely be using this concept of Media Query to make my website responsive. Since the project requires the website to work on mobile, I will be using media query to match the mobile type.
5. I will be utilizing almost every CSS concept that were covered in class such as margins, fonts, colors, padding, lists.

Concepts skills that I need to learn 

1. Since my website will be divided into several sections in one single page, I want to explore semantic html and learn more about the elements such as section, article, and footer. 
2. I also want to study the <div> more to have a solid understanding of the concept. 
3. I want to play around with many flex box properties other than just display:flex. I want to utilize some more flex box properties such as flex-wrap and justify-content. 
4. I want to learn more CSS concepts and measurement units such as viewport, rem, and em. I am looking forward to learning more CSS properties to help me build a nice website.




